---
title: "do it."
date: 2025-05-18T19:33:00+08:00
draft: False
author: 'Yang'
tags: ['confused', 'healing']
categories: ['journal']
---
### Preface
I am not sure if the preface would exist in the following posts. The reason why here's a preface is because I decided to start jotting down my feeling and thoughts, and I hope this preface is used as a anchor expalining the beginning for everthing in the future.

I was kind of lost after failing the interview with Bloomberg. It felt like all the drive and hope was disappear after all that. I still can feel the exciment of adrenaline gradually filling my whole body when thinking of the new life starting in NYC vividly, and the crazy strong movitation I had to showcase all the problem solving skills I've been preparing since the Chrimas holidays.

But I failed badly eventually in Febuary. I still secured a job luckily in the end of March. I flew back to Taiwan for almost a month, and got another dream offer that I wouldn't believe I could get if I were in my early 20-ish.

However, after all the ups and downs, I kind of stayed in a pretty low point since the failure. I don't know if it is mainly related to the pressure I had when dealing with the relationship with people around, or simply losing the opportunity once in the lifetime. I can easily feel the low inside.

After three months, I can't determine if I have fully recovered from the feeling, but I figure that I should take proactive approach to "fix" the issue.

I spoke with Grok for about half a hour, just to let all my thought out, and also try to find some useful approachs that may help navigate my life. And here are a few methods that I think they may be feasible to reach my goal. And my goal is simple - to find peace inside.

1. Jotting down feelings. They can be appreciation, simple observations in life, outlet of bad mood(try not to curse though), and all the thoght generated inside this crazy ADHD brain.

2. Meditation. I believe this is the best way to enchar my days. I decide to start doing in twice a day. 5 minutes each.

3. Record what I have done. It is all about trusting the process. And I need to get more things done.


## Feeling
1. I really appreciate to have system design discussion with Frank. I enjoy improving our skills together and the mutual respect that I had during all the talks. He is such a great guy(great alcoholic as well), and I want to keep the friendship.

2. Selling items on Facebook MarketPlace is such a fun experience. I get the chance to meet all kind of people. Almost every people that I met are nice. One said that I would love San Jose with all the food and cultures there; A friendly Vietnamese lady introduce her Subaru car, saying that it is a great and stable car. A russian couple show the greatest smile ever that I met in this week that really made my day. And most importantly, I get rid of almost all the huge items while earning some penny.


## Things Done:
- Kafka system design
- Selling things in Facebook marketplace
- workout
- meditation
